'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1992 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/BackgdErr.3,v 1.3 93/04/01 09:41:07 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_BackgroundError tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_BackgroundError \- report Tcl error that occurred in background processing
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_BackgroundError\fR(\fIinterp\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *interp
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter in which the error occurred.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This procedure is typically invoked when a Tcl error occurs during
``background processing'' such as executing a Tcl command in response
to a button press or menu entry invocation.
When such an error occurs, the error condition is reported to Tk
or to a widget or some other C code, and there is not usually any
obvious way for that code to report the error to the user.
In these cases the code calls \fBTk_BackgroundError\fR with an
\fIinterp\fR argument identifying the interpreter in which the
error occurred.
\fBTk_BackgroundError\fR attempts to invoke the \fBtkerror\fR
Tcl command to report the error in an application-specific fashion.
If no \fBtkerror\fR command exists, or if it returns with an error condition,
then \fBTk_BackgroundError\fR reports the error itself by printing
a message on the standard error file.

.SH KEYWORDS
background, error, tkerror
