'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1992 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/ClrSelect.3,v 1.3 93/04/01 09:41:08 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_ClearSelection tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_ClearSelection \- Deselect the selection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_ClearSelection\fR(\fItkwin\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window tkwin
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
The selection will be cleared from the display containing this
window.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_ClearSelection\fR cancels the selection for the display
containing \fItkwin\fR.
The selection need not be in \fItkwin\fR itself or even in
\fItkwin\fR's application.
If there is a window anywhere on \fItkwin\fR's display that
owns the primary selection, the window will be notified and the
selection will be cleared.
If there is no primary selection on the display, then the
procedure has no effect.

.SH KEYWORDS
clear, selection
