'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/EventHndlr.3,v 1.9 93/04/01 09:41:20 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_CreateEventHandler tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_CreateEventHandler, Tk_DeleteEventHandler \- associate procedure callback with an X event
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_CreateEventHandler\fR(\fItkwin, mask, proc, clientData\fR)
.sp
\fBTk_DeleteEventHandler\fR(\fItkwin, mask, proc, clientData\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "unsigned long" clientData
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window in which events may occur.
.AP "unsigned long" mask in
Bit-mask of events (such as \fBButtonPressMask\fR)
for which \fIproc\fR should be called.
.AP Tk_EventProc *proc in
Procedure to invoke whenever an event in \fImask\fR occurs
in the window given by \fItkwin\fR.
.AP ClientData clientData in
Arbitrary one-word value to pass to \fIproc\fR.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_CreateEventHandler\fR arranges for \fIproc\fR to be
invoked in the future whenever one of the event types specified
by \fImask\fR occurs in the window specified by \fItkwin\fR.
The callback to \fIproc\fR will be made by \fBTk_HandleEvent\fR;
this mechanism only works in programs that dispatch events
through \fBTk_HandleEvent\fR (or through other Tk procedures that
call \fBTk_HandleEvent\fR, such as \fBTk_DoOneEvent\fR or
\fBTk_MainLoop\fR).
.PP
\fIProc\fP should have arguments and result that match the
type \fBTk_EventProc\fR:
.nf
.RS
typedef void Tk_EventProc(
.RS
ClientData \fIclientData\fR,
XEvent *\fIeventPtr\fR);
.RE
.RE
.fi
The \fIclientData\fP parameter to \fIproc\fR is a copy of the \fIclientData\fP
argument given to \fBTk_CreateEventHandler\fR when the callback
was created.  Typically, \fIclientData\fR points to a data
structure containing application-specific information about
the window in which the event occurred.  \fIEventPtr\fR is
a pointer to the X event, which will be one of the ones
specified in the \fImask\fR argument to \fBTk_CreateEventHandler\fR.
.PP
\fBTk_DeleteEventHandler\fR may be called to delete a
previously-created event handler:  it deletes the first handler
it finds that is associated with \fItkwin\fR and matches the
\fImask\fR, \fIproc\fR, and \fIclientData\fR arguments.  If
no such handler exists, then \fBTk_EventHandler\fR returns
without doing anything.  Although Tk supports it, it's probably
a bad idea to have more than one callback with the same \fImask\fR,
\fIproc\fR, and \fIclientData\fR arguments.
When a window is deleted all of its handlers will be deleted
automatically;  in this case there is no need to call
\fBTk_DeleteEventHandler\fR.
.PP
If mutliple handlers are declared for the same type of X event
on the same window, then the handlers will be invoked in the
order they were created.

.SH KEYWORDS
bind, callback, event, handler
