'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetCapStyl.3,v 1.5 93/04/01 09:41:24 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetCapStyle tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetCapStyle, Tk_NameOfCapStyle \- translate between strings and cap styles
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTk_GetCapStyle(\fIinterp, string, capPtr\fB)\fR
.sp
char *
\fBTk_NameOfCapStyle(\fIcap\fB)\fR
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "Tcl_Interp" *capPtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to use for error reporting.
.AP char *string in
String containing name of cap style: one of ```butt'', ``projecting'',
or ``round''.
.AP int *capPtr out
Pointer to location in which to store X cap style corresponding to
\fIstring\fR.
.AP int cap in
Cap style: one of \fBCapButt\fR, \fBCapProjecting\fR, or \fBCapRound\fR.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_GetCapStyle\fR places in \fI*capPtr\fR the X cap style
corresponding to \fIstring\fR.
This will be one of the values
\fBCapButt\fR, \fBCapProjecting\fR, or \fBCapRound\fR.
Cap styles are typically used in X graphics contexts to indicate
how the end-points of lines should be capped.
See the X documentation for information on what each style
implies.
.PP
Under normal circumstances the return value is \fBTCL_OK\fR and
\fIinterp\fR is unused.
If \fIstring\fR doesn't contain a valid cap style
or an abbreviation of one of these names, then an error message is
stored in \fIinterp->result\fR, \fBTCL_ERROR\fR is returned, and
\fI*capPtr\fR is unmodified.
.PP
\fBTk_NameOfCapStyle\fR is the logical inverse of \fBTk_GetCapStyle\fR.
Given a cap style such as \fBCapButt\fR it returns a
statically-allocated string corresponding to \fIcap\fR.
If \fIcap\fR isn't a legal cap style, then
``unknown cap style'' is returned.

.SH KEYWORDS
butt, cap style, projecting, round
