'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990-1992 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetFontStr.3,v 1.6 93/04/01 09:41:27 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetFontStruct tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetFontStruct, Tk_NameOfFontStruct, Tk_FreeFontStruct \- maintain database of fonts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
XFontStruct *
\fBTk_GetFontStruct(\fIinterp, tkwin, nameId\fB)\fR
.sp
char *
\fBTk_NameOfFontStruct(\fIfontStructPtr\fB)\fR
.sp
\fBTk_FreeFontStruct(\fIfontStructPtr\fB)\fR
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "XFontStruct" *fontStructPtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to use for error reporting.
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window in which font will be used.
.AP Tk_Uid nameId in
Name of desired font.
.AP XFontStruct *fontStructPtr in
Font structure to return name for or delete.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_GetFont\fR loads the font indicated
by \fInameId\fR and returns a pointer to information about the
font.  The pointer returned by \fBTk_GetFont\fR
will remain valid until \fBTk_FreeFont\fR
is called to release it.
\fINameId\fR can be either a font name or pattern;  any
value that could be passed to \fBXLoadQueryFont\fR may be
passed to \fBTk_GetFont\fR.  If \fBTk_GetFont\fR is unsuccessful
(because, for example, there is no font corresponding to
\fInameId\fR) then it returns \fBNULL\fR and stores an error
message in \fIinterp->result\fR.
.PP
\fBTk_GetFont\fR maintains a database of all fonts it has allocated.
If the same \fInameId\fR is requested multiple times (e.g. by
different windows or for different purposes), then additional
calls for the same \fInameId\fR will be handled very quickly, without
involving the X server.  For this reason, it is generally better
to use \fBTk_GetFont\fR in place of X library procedures like
\fBXLoadQueryFont\fR.
.PP
The procedure \fBTk_NameOfFontStruct\fR is roughly the inverse of
\fBTk_GetFontStruct\fR.  If its \fIfontStructPtr\fR argument was created
by \fBTk_GetFontStruct\fR, then the return value is the \fInameId\fR
argument that was passed to \fBTk_GetFontStruct\fR to create the
font.  If \fIfontStructPtr\fR was not created by a call
to \fBTk_GetFontStruct\fR, then the return value is a hexadecimal string
giving the X identifier for the associated font.
Note:  the string returned by \fBTk_NameOfFontStruct\fR is
only guaranteed to persist until the next call to \fBTk_NameOfFontStruct\fR.
.PP
When a font returned by \fBTk_GetFont\fR is no longer
needed, \fBTk_FreeFont\fR should be called to release it.
There should be exactly one call to \fBTk_FreeFont\fR for
each call to \fBTk_GetFont\fR.  When a font is no longer in
use anywhere (i.e. it has been freed as many times as it has been gotten)
\fBTk_FreeFont\fR will release it to the X server and delete it from
the database.

.SH KEYWORDS
font
