'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetJustify.3,v 1.4 93/04/01 09:41:30 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetJustify tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetJustify, Tk_NameOfJustify \- translate between strings and justification styles
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
Tk_Justify
\fBTk_GetJustify(\fIinterp, string, justifyPtr\fB)\fR
.sp
char *
\fBTk_NameOfJustify(\fIjustify\fB)\fR
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "Tk_Justify" *justifyPtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to use for error reporting.
.AP char *string in
String containing name of justification style (``left'', ``right'',
``center'', or ``fill'').
.AP int *justifyPtr out
Pointer to location in which to store justify value corresponding to
\fIstring\fR.
.AP Tk_Justify justify in
Justification style (one of the values listed below).
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_GetJustify\fR places in \fI*justifyPtr\fR the justify value
corresponding to \fIstring\fR.  This value will be one of the following:
.TP
\fBTK_JUSTIFY_LEFT\fR
Means that the text on each line should start at the left edge of
the line;  as a result, the right edges of lines may be ragged.
.TP
\fBTK_JUSTIFY_RIGHT\fR
Means that the text on each line should end at the right edge of
the line;  as a result, the left edges of lines may be ragged.
.TP
\fBTK_JUSTIFY_CENTER\fR
Means that the text on each line should be centered;  as a result,
both the left and right edges of lines may be ragged.
.TP
\fBTK_JUSTIFY_FILL\fR
Means that the text on each line should start at the left edge of
the line and end at the right edge, with the sizes of the spaces
in the line adjusted to make this work.
.PP
Under normal circumstances the return value is \fBTCL_OK\fR and
\fIinterp\fR is unused.
If \fIstring\fR doesn't contain a valid justification style
or an abbreviation of one of these names, then an error message is
stored in \fIinterp->result\fR, \fBTCL_ERROR\fR is returned, and
\fI*justifyPtr\fR is unmodified.
.PP
\fBTk_NameOfJustify\fR is the logical inverse of \fBTk_GetJustify\fR.
Given a justify value it returns a statically-allocated string
corresponding to \fIjustify\fR.
If \fIjustify\fR isn't a legal justify value, then
``unknown justification style'' is returned.

.SH KEYWORDS
center, fill, justification, string
