'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetJoinStl.3,v 1.4 93/04/01 09:41:29 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetJoinStyle tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetJoinStyle, Tk_NameOfJoinStyle \- translate between strings and join styles
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTk_GetJoinStyle(\fIinterp, string, joinPtr\fB)\fR
.sp
char *
\fBTk_NameOfJoinStyle(\fIjoin\fB)\fR
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "Tcl_Interp" *joinPtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to use for error reporting.
.AP char *string in
String containing name of join style: one of ``bevel'', ``miter'',
or ``round''.
.AP int *joinPtr out
Pointer to location in which to store X join style corresponding to
\fIstring\fR.
.AP int join in
Join style: one of \fBJoinBevel\fR, \fBJoinMiter\fR, \fBJoinRound\fR.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_GetJoinStyle\fR places in \fI*joinPtr\fR the X join style
corresponding to \fIstring\fR, which will be one of
\fBJoinBevel\fR, \fBJoinMiter\fR, or \fBJoinRound\fR.
Join styles are typically used in X graphics contexts to indicate
how adjacent line segments should be joined together.
See the X documentation for information on what each style
implies.
.PP
Under normal circumstances the return value is \fBTCL_OK\fR and
\fIinterp\fR is unused.
If \fIstring\fR doesn't contain a valid join style
or an abbreviation of one of these names, then an error message is
stored in \fIinterp->result\fR, \fBTCL_ERROR\fR is returned, and
\fI*joinPtr\fR is unmodified.
.PP
\fBTk_NameOfJoinStyle\fR is the logical inverse of \fBTk_GetJoinStyle\fR.
Given a join style such as \fBJoinBevel\fR it returns a
statically-allocated string corresponding to \fIjoin\fR.
If \fIjoin\fR isn't a legal join style, then
``unknown join style'' is returned.

.SH KEYWORDS
bevel, join style, miter, round
