'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetOption.3,v 1.5 93/04/01 09:41:30 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetOption tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetOption \- retrieve an option from the option database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
Tk_Uid
\fBTk_GetOption\fR(\fItkwin, name, class\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window *class
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.
.AP char *name in
Name of desired option.
.AP char *class in
Class of desired option.  Null means there is no class for
this option;  do lookup based on name only.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This procedure is invoked to retrieve an option from the database
associated with \fItkwin\fR's main window.  If there is an option
for \fItkwin\fR that matches the given \fIname\fR or \fIclass\fR,
then it is returned in the form of a Tk_Uid.  If multiple options
match \fIname\fR and \fIclass\fR, then the highest-priority one
is returned.  If no option matches, then NULL is returned.
.PP
\fBTk_GetOption\fR caches options related to \fItkwin\fR so that
successive calls for the same \fItkwin\fR will execute much more
quickly than successive calls for different windows.

.SH KEYWORDS
class, name, option, retrieve
