'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetRelief.3,v 1.5 93/04/01 09:41:37 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetRelief tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetRelief, Tk_NameOfRelief \- translate between strings and relief values
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTk_GetRelief(\fIinterp, name, reliefPtr\fB)\fR
.sp
char *
\fBTk_NameOfRelief(\fIrelief\fB)\fR
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "Tcl_Interp" *reliefPtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to use for error reporting.
.AP char *name in
String containing relief name (one of ``flat'', ``groove'',
``raised'', ``ridge'', or ``sunken'').
.AP int *reliefPtr out
Pointer to location in which to store relief value corresponding to
\fIname\fR.
.AP int relief in
Relief value (one of TK_RELIEF_FLAT, TK_RELIEF_RAISED, TK_RELIEF_SUNKEN,
.VS
TK_RELIEF_GROOVE, or TK_RELIEF_RIDGE).
.VE
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_GetRelief\fR places in \fI*reliefPtr\fR the relief value
corresponding to \fIname\fR.  This value will be one of
TK_RELIEF_FLAT, TK_RELIEF_RAISED, TK_RELIEF_SUNKEN,
.VS
TK_RELIEF_GROOVE, or TK_RELIEF_RIDGE.
.VE
Under normal circumstances the return value is TCL_OK and
\fIinterp\fR is unused.
If \fIname\fR doesn't contain one of the valid relief names
or an abbreviation of one of them, then an error message
is stored in \fIinterp->result\fR,
TCL_ERROR is returned, and \fI*reliefPtr\fR is unmodified.
.PP
\fBTk_NameOfRelief\fR is the logical inverse of \fBTk_GetRelief\fR.
Given a relief value it returns the corresponding string (``flat'',
.VS
``raised'', ``sunken'', ``groove'', or ``ridge'').
.VE
If \fIrelief\fR isn't a legal relief value, then ``unknown relief''
is returned.

.SH KEYWORDS
name, relief, string
