'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetRootCrd.3,v 1.5 93/04/01 09:41:38 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetRootCoords tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetRootCoords \- Compute root-window coordinates of window
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_GetRootCoords\fR(\fItkwin, xPtr, yPtr\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window tkwin
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.
.AP int *xPtr out
Pointer to location in which to store root-window x-coordinate
corresponding to left edge of \fItkwin\fR's border.
.AP int *yPtr out
Pointer to location in which to store root-window y-coordinate
corresponding to top edge of \fItkwin\fR's border.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This procedure scans through the structural information maintained
by Tk to compute the root-window coordinates corresponding to
the upper-left corner of \fItkwin\fR's border.  If \fItkwin\fR has
no border, then \fBTk_GetRootCoords\fR returns the root-window
coordinates corresponding to location (0,0) in \fItkwin\fR.
\fBTk_GetRootCoords\fR is relatively efficient, since it doesn't have to
communicate with the X server.

.SH KEYWORDS
coordinates, root window
