'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetUid.3,v 1.5 93/04/01 09:41:40 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetUid tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetUid, Tk_Uid \- convert from string to unique identifier
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fB#typedef char *Tk_Uid\fR
.sp
Tk_Uid
\fBTk_GetUid\fR(\fIstring\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AP char *string in
String for which the corresponding unique identifer is
desired.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_GetUid\fR returns the unique identifier corresponding
to \fIstring\fR.
Unique identifiers are similar to atoms in Lisp, and are used
in Tk to speed up comparisons and
searches.  A unique identifier (type Tk_Uid) is a string pointer
and may be used anywhere that a variable of type ``char *''
could be used.  However, there is guaranteed to be exactly
one unique identifier for any given string value.  If \fBTk_GetUid\fR
is called twice, once with string \fIa\fR and once with string
\fIb\fR, and if \fIa\fR and \fIb\fR have the same string value
(strcmp(a, b) == 0), then \fBTk_GetUid\fR will return exactly
the same Tk_Uid value for each call (Tk_GetUid(a) == Tk_GetUid(b)).
This means that variables of type
Tk_Uid may be compared directly (x == y) without having to call
\fBstrcmp\fR.
In addition, the return value from \fBTk_GetUid\fR will have the
same string value as its argument (strcmp(Tk_GetUid(a), a) == 0).

.SH KEYWORDS
atom, unique identifier
