'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/GetVRoot.3,v 1.3 93/04/01 09:41:41 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_GetVRootGeometry tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetVRootGeometry \- Get location and size of virtual root for window
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_GetVRootGeometry(\fItkwin, xPtr, yPtr, widthPtr, heightPtr\fB)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window heightPtr
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window whose virtual root is to be queried.
.AP int xPtr out
Points to word in which to store x-offset of virtual root.
.AP int yPtr out
Points to word in which to store y-offset of virtual root.
.AP "unsigned int" widthPtr out
Points to word in which to store width of virtual root.
.AP "unsigned int" heightPtr out
Points to word in which to store height of virtual root.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTkGetVRootGeometry\fR returns geometry information about the virtual
root window associated with \fItkwin\fR.  The ``associated'' virtual
root is the one in which \fItkwin\fR's nearest top-level ancestor (or
\fItkwin\fR itself if it is a top-level window) has
been reparented by the window manager.  This window is identified by
a \fB__SWM_ROOT\fR or \fB__WM_ROOT\fR property placed on the top-level
window by the window manager.
If \fItkwin\fR is not associated with a virtual root (e.g.
because the window manager doesn't use virtual roots) then *\fIxPtr\fR and
*\fIyPtr\fR will be set to 0 and *\fIwidthPtr\fR and *\fIheightPtr\fR
will be set to the dimensions of the screen containing \fItkwin\fR.

.SH KEYWORDS
geometry, height, location, virtual root, width, window manager
