'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/MainWin.3,v 1.1 93/07/23 08:58:01 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_MainWindow tkc 7.0
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_MainWindow \- find the main window for an application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
Tk_Window
\fBTk_MainWindow\fR(\fIinterp\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *pathName
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in/out
Interpreter associated with the application.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
If \fIinterp\fR is associated with a Tk application then \fBTk_MainWindow\fR
returns the application's main window.
If there is no Tk application associated with \fIinterp\fR then
\fBTk_MainWindow\fR returns NULL and leaves an error message
in \fIinterp->result\fR.

.SH KEYWORDS
application, main window
