'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/MapWindow.3,v 1.7 93/04/01 09:41:43 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_MapWindow tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_MapWindow, Tk_UnmapWindow \- map or unmap a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
Tk_Window
\fBTk_MapWindow\fR(\fItkwin\fR)
.sp
\fBTk_UnmapWindow\fR(\fItkwin\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window parent
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
These procedures may be used to map and unmap windows
managed by Tk.  \fBTk_MapWindow\fR maps the window given
by \fItkwin\fR, and also creates an X window corresponding
to \fItkwin\fR if it doesn't already exist.  See the
\fBTk_CreateMainWindow\fR manual entry for information on
deferred window creation.
\fBTk_UnmapWindow\fR unmaps \fItkwin\fR's window
from the screen.
.PP
If \fItkwin\fR is a child window (i.e. \fBTk_CreateChildWindow\fR was
used to create it), then event handlers interested in map and unmap events
are invoked immediately.  If \fItkwin\fR isn't an internal window,
then the event handlers will be invoked later, after X has seen
the request and returned an event for it.
.PP
These procedures should be used in place of the X procedures
\fBXMapWindow\fR and \fBXUnmapWindow\fR, since they update
Tk's local data structure for \fItkwin\fR.  Applications
using Tk should not invoke \fBXMapWindow\fR and \fBXUnmapWindow\fR
directly.

.SH KEYWORDS
map, unmap, window
