'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/MoveToplev.3,v 1.3 93/04/01 09:41:44 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_MoveToplevelWindow tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_MoveToplevelWindow \- Adjust the position of a top-level window
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_MoveToplevelWindow(\fItkwin, x, y\fB)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window tkwin
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for top-level window to move.
.AP int x in
New x-coordinate for the top-left pixel of \fItkwin\fR's border, or the
top-left pixel of the decorative border supplied for \fItkwin\fR by the
window manager, if there is one.
.AP int y in
New y-coordinate for the top-left pixel of \fItkwin\fR's border, or the
top-left pixel of the decorative border supplied for \fItkwin\fR by the
window manager, if there is one.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
In general, a window should never set its own position;  this should be
done only by the geometry manger that is responsible for the window.
For top-level windows the window manager is effectively the geometry
manager;  Tk provides interface code between the application and the
window manager to convey the application's desires to the geometry
manager.  The desired size for a top-level window is conveyed using
the usual \fBTk_GeometryRequest\fR mechanism.  The procedure
\fBTk_MoveToplevelWindow\fR may be used by an application to request
a particular position for a top-level window;  this procedure is
similar in function to the \fBwm geometry\fR Tcl command except that
negative offsets cannot be specified.  It is invoked by widgets such as
menus that want to appear at a particular place on the screen.
.PP
When \fBTk_MoveToplevelWindow\fR is called it doesn't immediately
pass on the new desired location to the window manager;  it defers
this action until all other outstanding work has been completed,
using the \fBTk_DoWhenIdle\fR mechanism.

.SH KEYWORDS
position, top-level window, window manager
