'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/RegInterp.3,v 1.5 93/04/01 09:41:55 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_RegisterInterp tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_RegisterInterp \- make an interpreter accessible with ``send'' command
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTk_RegisterInterp\fR(\fIinterp, name, tkwin\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window parent
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to register in display associated with \fItkwin\fR.
Also used to return errors if registration failed.
.AP char *name in
Name under which to register interpreter.  Must be unique among
all registered interpreters for \fItkwin\fR's display.  May not
contain the character ``|''.
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.  Used only to find a display in which to
register \fIinterp\fR.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_RegisterInterp\fR is invoked to associate a name (\fIname\fR) with a
Tcl interpreter (\fIinterp\fR) and record that association in a well-known
property of a particular display (the one containing \fItkwin\fR).
After this procedure has been invoked, other interpreters in the
display will be able to use the \fBsend\fR command to invoke operations
remotely in \fIinterp\fR.  The procedure returns TCL_OK if the
registration completed successfully and TCL_ERROR if the interpreter
could not be registered (e.g. because \fIname\fR is already in use).
In the event of an error, \fIinterp->result\fR is modified to point
to a message describing the error.
.PP
This procedure also adds a \fBsend\fR command to \fIinterp\fR, so
that commands may be sent from \fIinterp\fR to other interpreters.
.PP
The registration persists until the interpreter is deleted or the
\fBsend\fR command is deleted from \fIinterp\fR, at which
point \fIinterp\fR is automatically unregistered.
.PP
\fBTk_RegisterInterp\fR is called automatically by \fBTk_CreateMainWindow\fR,
so applications don't normally need to call it explicitly.

.SH KEYWORDS
interpreter, name, register, send command
