'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/Restack.3,v 1.1 93/07/07 11:11:05 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_RestackWindow tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_RestackWindow \- Change a window's position in the stacking order
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTk_RestackWindow\fR(\fItkwin, aboveBelow, other\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window aboveBelow
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window to restack.
.AP int aboveBelow in
Indicates new position of \fItkwin\fR relative to \fIother\fR;
must be \fBAbove\fR or \fBBelow\fR.
.AP Tk_Window other in
\fITkwin\fR will be repositioned just above or below this window.
Must be a sibling of \fItkwin\fR or a descendant of a sibling.
If NULL then \fItkwin\fR is restacked above or below all siblings.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_RestackWindow\fR changes the stacking order of \fIwindow\fR relative
to its siblings.
If \fIother\fR is specified as NULL then \fIwindow\fR is repositioned
at the top or bottom of its stacking order, depending on whether
\fIaboveBelow\fR is \fBAbove\fR or \fBBelow\fR.
If \fIother\fR has a non-NULL value then \fIwindow\fR is repositioned
just above or below \fIother\fR.
.PP
The \fIaboveBelow\fR argument must have one of the symbolic values
\fBAbove\fR or \fBBelow\fR.
Both of these values are defined by the include file <X11/Xlib.h>.

.SH KEYWORDS
above, below, obscure, stacking order
