'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/SetClass.3,v 1.7 93/04/01 09:41:57 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_SetClass tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_SetClass, Tk_Class \- set or retrieve a window's class
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_SetClass\fR(\fItkwin, class\fR)
.sp
Tk_Uid
\fBTk_Class\fR(\fItkwin\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tk_Window parent
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.
.AP char *class in
New class name for window.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_SetClass\fR is called to associate a class with a particular
window.  The \fIclass\fR string identifies the type of the
window;  all windows with the same general class of behavior
(button, menu, etc.) should have the same class.  By
convention all class names start with a capital letter, and
there exists a Tcl command with the same name as
each class (except all in lower-case) which can be used to
create and manipulate windows of that class.
A window's class string is initialized to NULL
when the window is created.
.PP
For main windows, Tk automatically propagates the name and class
to the WM_CLASS property used by window managers.  This happens
either when a main window is actually created (e.g. in
\fBTk_MakeWindowExist\fR), or when \fBTk_SetClass\fR
is called, whichever occurs later.  If a main window has not been
assigned a class then Tk will not set the WM_CLASS property for
the window.
.PP
\fBTk_Class\fR is a macro that returns the
current value of \fItkwin\fR's class.  The value is returned
as a Tk_Uid, which may be used just like a string pointer but also has
the properties of a unique identfier (see the manual entry for
\fBTk_GetUid\fR for details).
If \fItkwin\fR has not yet been given a class, then
\fBTk_Class\fR will return NULL.

.SH KEYWORDS
class, unique identifier, window, window manager
