'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1992 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/SetCModel.3,v 1.3 93/04/01 09:41:56 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_SetColorModel tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_SetColorModel, Tk_GetColorModel \- access color model for screen
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_SetColorModel\fR(\fItkwin\fR, \fImodel\fB)\fR
.sp
Tk_ColorModel
\fBTk_GetColorModel\fR(\fItkwin\fB)\fR
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "Tk_ColorModel" model
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.
.AP Tk_ColorModel model in
New model to use for \fIwindow\fR's screen.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
These procedures allow the color model for a screen
to be read and written.
See the documentation for the \fBtk colormodel\fR command for details
on the color model and how it is used.
\fBTk_SetColorModel\fR sets the color model for the screen
associated with \fItkwin\fR to \fImodel\fR.  \fIModel\fR must be
either \fBTK_COLOR\fR or \fBTK_MONO\fR.
In contrast to the \fBtk colormodel\fR command, there are no
restrictions on the value passed to \fBTk_SetColorModel\fR (you can
set the model to \fBTK_COLOR\fR even if the screen only has one
bit plane).
\fBTk_GetColorModel\fR returns the current color model for the
screen associated with \fItkwin\fR.

.SH KEYWORDS
color model, screen
