'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /user6/ouster/wish/man/RCS/Sleep.3,v 1.4 93/04/01 09:41:59 ouster Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tk_Sleep tkc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_Sleep \- delay execution for a given number of milliseconds
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTk_Sleep\fR(\fIms\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AP int ms in
Number of milliseconds to sleep.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This procedure delays the calling process by the number of
milliseconds given by the \fIms\fR parameter, and returns
after that time has elapsed.  It is typically used for things
like flashing a button, where the delay is short and the
application needn't do anything while it waits.  For longer
delays where the application needs to respond to other events
during the delay, the procedure \fBTk_CreateTimerHandler\fR
should be used instead of \fBTk_Sleep\fR.

.SH KEYWORDS
sleep, time, wait
